hello we're doing the truth or today
Duty parents I have someone
I'm actually brought along
So you, I do not have you
brought along we have just now
I would say without eating
here we can wait five
truths and five duties 46
We have six duties and duties
five truths exactly the other
May you do something among the colleagues and you
you have to guess what's okay so what is
yes I'll take a look I have not yet
then watch shows that the camera
yes I thought it would be exciting for me
a plug
it is a truth christi has on it
you ever met someone with the same
sex shortened yes I have ever
a friend or I mean that
not such a proper course like this
a bit like you have been in the
public loudly farted i believe
I've never been loud public
not followed i know i can
do not remember when do you go through the
city is just like that but I still have it
not possible to invite the public
it has not protected from now synonymous
but I did not now I thought
believe me that's the way it is
Every saver Sonja calls
Twelfth contact and said mach
conclude adac congestion or pull yourself from there
photo to the rupee and is the number 12
and I have anti last time
ahead
That's why we have one now
alternative and must be at the
call information and after the number of
I would like to ask from five
number for the information
generally just no if blush
great for the rest of the video
yes you can do a tutorial lars now
Being a craemer is looking forward to two
my days also made a bit
I do not realize it yet
you have to thank me you understand
I ever count is here he is
Do not you hate that is you oh my
God that is very nice in a suite
for so far very profound work in the
face looks so beautiful is my house
find yes, I think you are very much
Well, I have to say so there you have
you called something good
what was the most embarrassing moment of yours
lives of guests already in england
asked but somehow that's us
both did not remember
somehow I do not remember anymore
something embarrassing happened but
nothing that I have noticed that so
it was just a bit embarrassing
but not so bad that i can
do not remember
So I'm probably already
what embarrassing happened but it was
not so embarrassed that I myself
recall
So no idea what I'm not sorry
write the other one word
heartily stinky heartily then it comes
to a duty of a stroke I have to
you said that I should me that
there is no pustertal
movie palaces alone by patrice
underscored that and so now that is
end result of eyeliner I can tell you
Unfortunately, do not show video file because that
just as not on my laptop
I do not know where the problem is
In any case , unfortunately , I can only
show screenshots
then I was allowed a drink
drink that was ice tea barbecue sauce
Of course, pesto and olives have a lot
tasted delicious and emmert too
answered a truth and then
I also wanted to tell you that
here again with pleasure ems channel
can drop by because we have
together the seven seconds challandes
and yes that 's it from us
both I hope you have the video
like
bye until next time